# rbf-brain

Additional Files for the RBF code

extract.py: Python Script that reads in the file obtained from Avatar3D (model.ply) and uses paraview's pvpython to generate a model.stl which is then used by controlpoints.py. The path to the files needs to be updated.

model.stl: STL file of the head model generated by avatar. This is used by controlpoints.py to generate the parameters file.

controlpoints.py: Python script that reads in the geometry of the head (model.stl) and writes out the parameters.prm file which is then used by the radial basis function.

parameters.prm: The input/parameters file for the code, contains control points. This, is generated for every individual using controlpoints.py.

coarse_mesh.vtk, fine_mesh.vtk: The template FE mesh for the coarse and fine brain, this is the mesh that will be morphed.

RBF_coarse.ipynb, RBF_fine.ipynb, RBF_fibers.ipynb: Edited RBF notebook for specific meshes: coarse brain, fine brain and fibers. This outputs the morphed mesh.

coare_mesh_morphed.vtk, fine_mesh_morphed.vtk: Morphed meshes, generated by the rbf code.

centroid.txt: Centroid location of all the elements in the template undeformed brain. Used to create the look up table.

lookuptablegenerator_coarse.py, lookuptablegenerator_fine.py: Python script that prepares the lookup table that FEMTech will then used to predict location of max and min strain. This takes the morphed meshes and centroid.txt as input.

centroidtable_coarse.txt, centroidtable_fine.txt: Output of the look up table generator. This contains the following columns: Element ID, X Y Z Locations of Centroid for the Morphed Mesh, X Y Z Locations of Centroid for the Template Mesh.
